Create CI test (#210)
tock/libtock-c: examples/ci-tests/i2c-slave-rx/README.md

# I2C Slave RX Test

## Test Description

`test.py` provides the following tests:

## I2CSlaveRxTest

This receives a message from the device-under-test as I2C slave from the RPi as I2C master.

  1. The device-under-test configures itself as I2C slave with address 0x41 and awaits for the RPi to initiate an I2C transaction.
  1. The test harness presses sends a message on the bus to initiate the transaction.
  1. The test harness issues an I2C write transaction of 17 bytes to address 0x41.

>   1. The test harness validates that transaction occured if the message was sent and acknowledged by the device-under-test through the function used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. The test harness validates that the transaction occurred if the message was sent and acknowledged successfully by the device-under-test — message contents are not currently validated, only than an I2C ACK was received for each byte.
```
